for me, the failures that I'm most unhappy about are those that I have
not had an opportunity to go back and fix or finish, you know, So maybe
I started a particular project and it just didn't get off the ground
or I started particular program, and we got to a point where it
was a complete failure, and we've decided to move on and do something
new. But there's still that lingering thought of. You know, if only
I could have applied this much more effort or maybe if I had done
this differently, we could have at least completed it. So, um, you
know my personality. I don't like to leave things unfinished. And so
those failures that have not been fully vetted out or finished completely
still kind of bothered me from time to time.